as you know if you're watching this and
pettite it's pretty hard to online shop
because you don't really know if
something's going to fit everything in
the right proportion
[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to my channel
today's video is a Topshop petite
clothing haul I got all sorts of kind of
summer fun sort of warmer weather stuff
so I'm going to show you everything I
got and then I'll let you know if I
think that Topshop petite is a good
option for us petite women I've bought
their stuff in stores before and really
liked it but I've never ordered online
from them so I took a bunch of guesses
at what might fit and yeah let's see if
it actually fits or not yeah I'm just
really hoping some stuff doesn't fit
because my credit card needs to get some
money put back on it but I did pay for
this with all of my own money cuz not
sponsored in any way okay so the first
thing I'm gonna try on is this camo
bodycon dress I feel like camels making
comeback right now sort of and I'm into
it very silky feeling so it's like kind
of like this silky so I'm gonna go try
this on not fitting at all in terms of
where it's loose and where it's supposed
to be tight it's baggy and me middle and
super tight around my hips just not it
would be really cute I feel like if it
was just tighter here and then a little
bit looser on the hips it does have this
really high leg cut which I'm also not
like a huge fan of just because I think
it's a little too high on a short person
it comes up almost to my boobies so I
think it's safe to say I'm going to
return this so next up I'm gonna be
trying on these hands these are Jamie's
which if you didn't already know this
for petites the Jamie Jean at Topshop is
magical it's um I think it's a 25 in
Seymour it's
know that it so it's a 20 length is 28
I'm sorry it's a 28 inseam which means
it's gonna basically fit us instead of
like going really long and also you
don't want to get your pants on
and I have the Jamie jeans in I bought
the minute women's 26 length 28 and
these ones I'm a little worried they
look kind of like a Capri and I don't
like capris because I feel like they
like cut down our legs as petite and so
we'll see I'm gonna try them on right
now anyone else do the past it okay so I
these are definitely smaller than the
Jamie's that I currently own these are
like really tight
[Music]
and they are like a Capri a coupie
length which I just don't know if I
think I would size up a little bit knees
like I said these are 26 like the sporty
kind of look of having the stripe but I
just think they're a little too tight
like I don't know maybe they're not that
bad I think they're actually kind of
super cute so these might might be a
keeper so don't be mad but I already
tried this one on and when they came
because I was just really excited and
they're a major disappointment so it's a
matching set which always excites me I
like sets because I don't sin to make
decisions about what to wear I don't
like to think that much about my clothes
anymore I used to be really into that
back when I was working in an office and
stuff but now I just don't have time to
care about that kill me so I don't know
why I thought this would be cute it's
just it's probably just the way the
model looks online which is always this
complete deception but it looks like a
cute crop top and like trousers and
honestly if this was tailored to my body
I think I would like it it's just I also
big big on like comfort in general so
let me show you how awful it looks huh
by the way I do not believe that this
particular set is a Topshop petite item
I'm pretty sure this was from their
regular just regular Topshop so that
could be why it does not fit yeah life
has been fun unless you can laugh at
yourself right this is like um I don't
know like a swamp suit I'm not sure
I don't know I feel like I'm in a
strangely oversized pajama set that
acting like also on vacation about to go
like hunt some fowl or something you
know nothing to be said as you can see
it's like a massive awful behind 1
million % sending back this is this
white top honestly it doesn't look great
with these jeans cuz it's just kind of a
different this is like sort of like a
feminine thing and these feel sporty I
feel like it's a little too oversized
maybe for me in the sleeves and it's
like shortening my arms but actually the
waist fit is really good I think this is
pretty cute I'm not sure I'm gonna
return it we'll see actually I just
realized something about this I don't
like that this is not on my shoulder I
feel like it's really cutting off my
like I don't know I think I'm gonna
return this on to so I love tees as of
late I've just been loving tees that you
can throw on with like some jeans so I
got a couple does I got this one on this
is a petite so sweet oh all right so I
got that one I'll try that one on
I got this one which says
very appropriate for where I live just
says New York what's not to like great
is the skyline I thought it was cute
okay so I really like this in concept
but I don't really like how it's not
fitted I don't know if this is just the
style of the shirt but I figure I could
easily do like a little one of these
situations yeah it's a nice basic white
teen you can't really go wrong with
those really maybe the move might be to
like tuck it in so high rise my camera's
gonna die shoot so my camera just died
but we're back after a 30 minute break
for me I think what I was saying when my
camera died is that I would like this a
little bit better if the shirt was maybe
tucked in to something high-waisted just
because it's too loose on the bottom
that's better than tying it up - because
I'm tying it no one learn enough fabric
to get a good tie in there so yeah I
think that's uh that's cute I like the
shirt look at one shirt the sweet shirt
so I'm in love with this shirt except
that it's too mom
it is cut like it looks like there is
just scissors just kind of cut across so
I'm actually contemplating cropping it a
little bit more because it's just too
long but it's so cute and the color is
nice but yeah it's just kind of too too
long and then maybe a little short or
maybe not tuck in but this one I
actually like better than the New York
one it's more like a true crop top and
it's comfy er I like material
so I have one more shirt that I bought I
got this super cute tie one what I
didn't know is that the tie on it you
can't actually make it tighter it's like
a glued tie so it's a little baggy but
overall it looks good I'll show you so
here we have this one this looks great
with like a pair of leggings as well I
actually already warned this one sorry
guys I needed a shirt desperately and I
opened my Topshop bag so yeah I kind of
like how it's a little bit of loose it's
definitely not like a hugging like when
I saw it online because of the little
knot detail I thought that it would kind
of like tie but actually doesn't it's
just a nice loose fun top so I'm
definitely keeping this one last I think
it's the last thing I have this bando
and it's in that like stretchy material
I don't know if you can tell kind of
wrap it like middle school because I
used to wear shirts like this in middle
school but I'm actually really diggin it
and as you can tell
Topshop is kind of going through some
kind of like camo it must be in there
what they call it like their brand
inspiration for the season because it's
really appearing everywhere and I think
that the only thing about this material
is that um it is a little too loose to
wear without a bra I did try it without
a bra and I just didn't feel comfortable
and I didn't feel supported and I'm not
even there's nothing like that much to
support so I'd say if you're comfortable
wearing a bra with a bando I think it's
super cute well then last one actually
love this crop hoodie I bought this
because I'm really into mint and orange
right now as colors and in general I
don't wear a lot of bright colors I'm
sort of like a black or blue jean and
kind of girl
but I'm digging this I think it's really
cute it's the perfect length for me in
terms of where I want the crop to hit
these are high-waisted jeans so it hits
kind of right at the top of the high
waist and I also it fits a petite arm
length really well
they're not it's not too long it's kind
of perfect and the crop on the shoulders
is see the line falls about here but
it's just like a cute oversized kind of
comfy look so I'm gonna keep this for
sure the only thing I had less that I
didn't get to was I ordered this um
really cute skirt it's a mini skirt and
they're kind of cranberry color but I
only ordered it because it came out it
was supposed to come with a matching
jean jacket and the cranberry and they
ran out of stock and didn't send it to
me and I wouldn't wear this alone I got
what I liked about it was that it would
match and be a size because I'm lazy and
it like sets also this was a MSI as to
in this I usually am a size 2 or 0 in
the bottoms and 0 on the top and I
actually did just try this on really
quick and I could not get my butt into
it so I would probably order 4 and
that's this is a European size 34 so I
would go up to the next size definitely
okay so just to review here all the
clothes what I'm returning what I'm
keeping keeping this hoodie because I
like it I am returning the camo dress I
think I've decided to keep these jeans
because I'm now still wearing them it's
been like an hour so I think it's nice
result I'm returning the cranberry here
I'm gonna try this on with a couple more
things this was like that kind of dress
top and just actually you know what no I
just remember that I didn't like how the
arms was all - it's see-through so
that's no fun because I can't wear it
with the bra or without a bra either way
doesn't really work I just bought a
white shirt a lot more on this one so I
think I'm gonna return the New York
shirt because I don't like the cut wow
this is like a lot of stuff I'm
returning guys I think we didn't really
strike goals at this run I'm gonna keep
the bowtie shirt because it's cute our
little camping Safari outing is going
back wherever the eff it came from but
it overall just too big and oversized
look silly undecided let's see how much
it is see if it's worth it was 12 pounds
$22 I don't know how much you so I'm
gonna get out of it because I just
bought a bunch of other camos and I like
a lot more or I'm not chemist but Bandos
I'm gonna say I'm gonna write on that
for now I think I'm just gonna keep the
pink sweet shirt this and these like fun
cropped jeans keeping four pieces
returning one two three four five six
but also my credit card will be happy
with me I think so thank you guys so
much for watching I hope that you
enjoyed this if you think I should do
more boutique clothing roles please
comment below and let me know I will do
more suggest some places that you're
curious about I think overall Topshop
petite is sort of hit or miss and I
would recommend going in the store and
trying it on because it's still just
hard to figure out if the sizing will
work and some of the stuff was too big
although some of it was not true Topshop
a tea or just that one set wasn't true
Topshop petite please give this a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and you can look on
my channel for fitness inspiration
workouts tips for eating healthy
tracking your macros all of that stuff I
am so passionate about helping petite
women get in shape and feel tall even
though we're not physically tall so
thanks for watching I'm April Whitney
and I'll see you guys next time
bye
[Music]